console: Document startup config block (#1447)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/manage/pages/iceberg/iceberg-topics-gcp-biglake.adoc

=== Create a BigLake catalog

Create a BigLake Iceberg REST catalog using the `gcloud` CLI:

> NOTE: This command is currently in alpha and may change. Check the https://docs.cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/alpha/biglake/iceberg/catalogs/create[gcloud reference^] for the latest information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: This command is currently pre-GA and may change. Check the https://docs.cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/alpha/biglake/iceberg/catalogs/create[gcloud reference^] for the latest information.
```

Reviewer: idk, since command even uses alpha
